Building the ocr scaffold library for XSTG, x86, and x86_glibc

The ocr scaffold libraries are replacements (very simple) for the real
OCR runtime/library.  The XSTG and x86 versions are associated with the
newlib library.  The x86_glibc version is associated with a native
glibc library.

=====================

To build for XSTG, change into the xstack/apps/libs/src/ocrscaffold
directory.  Run 'make ARCH=tg'; this builds for the xstg target.  Then
run 'make ARCH=tg install'; this deposits resulting library into
xstack/apps/libs/tg.

After the build completes, the following is in the
xstack/apps/libs/tg/lib/ directory:

       libocrscaffold.a

To clean use 'make ARCH=tg clean'.  Note that this does NOT remove build
results from the xstack/apps/libs/tg area.

=====================

To build for x86, change into the xstack/apps/libs/src/ocrscaffold
directory.  Run 'make ARCH=x86'; this builds for the x86 target and uses
the native gcc tool chain (rev 4.7, 4.8, and 4.9 have been tested). Then
run 'make ARCH=x86 install'; this deposits resulting library into
xstack/apps/libs/x86.

After the build completes, the following is in the
xstack/apps/libs/x86/lib/ directory:

       libocrscaffold.a

To clean use 'make ARCH=x86 clean'.  Note that this does NOT remove build
results from the xstack/apps/libs/x86 area.

=====================

To build for x86_glibc, change into the xstack/apps/libs/src/ocrscaffold
directory.  Run 'make ARCH=x86_glibc'; this builds for the x86 target and
uses the native gcc tool chain (rev 4.7, 4.8, and 4.9 have been tested).
Then run 'make ARCH=x86_glibc install'; this deposits resulting library into
xstack/apps/libs/x86.

After the build completes, the following is in the
xstack/apps/libs/x86/lib/ directory:

       libocrscaffold-glibc.a

To clean use 'make ARCH=x86 clean'.  Note that this does NOT remove build
results from the xstack/apps/libs/x86 area.
